All right so this is a challenge that is under Google on catfights.
It's called First duplicate.
And what it's trying to get us to do is return the first duplicate value in an array that is going to
be the first to get value that will then return negative one if there isn't one.
That's really our only objective.
So in our first example here we have three and then three.
So it's going to return three.
That's the first duplicate even though 2 and 2 is in there.
The first one is the first one that has the following number.
The backup number right.
Not necessarily the index spot.
So first the first occurrence of a second number is how I would put it.
And then here there are no duplicate so are turning negative one.
The only hint I have for you was that I solved this using has own property.
Let's go ahead and jump into it.
All right.
So what we're going to do here is we're going to create a object where we are storing a reference to
the Keys.
So what we're going to be creating Keys based off of our our values here.
And when we finally hit one that already exists we're just going to return that value we found if we
never hit one we're going to return negative 1.
So our failure case.
Meaning that nothing passes is negative one that's what we're going to return.
The our object and we'll just call this first do first dupe and then it's equal to here and we're going
to do is we're going to iterate through our four loops so we're just a week before of oh say let some
of A and we'll do it if say if our our smallest Susie if first do dot has own property meaning it already
exists for knowm.
If that's true thing.
We just returned no.
We found it.
That means it already has been added.
Else we go ahead and just set first do peer
of that property number just set it unknown.
The setting does really matter and no I think I think we remove this Alice because our IF is going to
break out if that's every true eliminate some of that code here and BAM.
That's it.
So the idea here is we have an object that we're mapping to.
We are then going to check if a property exists on here.
Meaning like we've already mapped a number to it.
If we have we're just going to return that number because we found the first duplicate.
If we haven't we're going to add that key to it.
And if it never hits meaning it gets through this whole loop or just returning a good one that's pretty
much it.